docs: add migration guide to migrated components (#1961)
Financial-Times/origami: components/o-spacing/MIGRATION.md

## Migration

> ### Migrating from v3 to Origami 3
> 
> o-spacing is now replaced by [o3-foundation](../o3-foundation/README.md).
> 
> One of the major changes in Origami 3 is the removal of Sass, we now use plain CSS for Origami components.
> 
> This guide will update to the latest version of o3-foundation (v3). Be sure to
> check [o3-foundation's migration guide](../o3-foundation/MIGRATION.md) for any further updates.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Migrating from v3 to o3-foundation@3

o-spacing is now replaced by [o3-foundation](../o3-foundation/README.md).

One of the major changes in Origami 3 is the removal of Sass, we now use plain CSS for Origami components.

This guide will update to o3-foundation@3. Be sure to
check [o3-foundation's migration guide](../o3-foundation/MIGRATION.md) for any further updates.

```

To migrate o-spacing, ensure o3-foundation is installed:

```bash
npm i --save @financial-times/o3-foundation
```

All spacing APIs in o-spacing have been replaced
with [CSS Custom Properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Using_CSS_custom_properties).

#### Utility Classes

Replace utility class usages with a class referencing a CSS custom property. Refer to table below for mappings.

**HTML**

```diff
-    <div class="o-spacing-m12">
+    <div class="content">
        <h1>My Content</h1>
    </div>
```

**CSS**

```css
@import '@financial-times/o3-foundation/[your-brand].css';

.content {
    margin: var(--o3-spacing-xl);
}
```

#### CSS Custom Properties

Replace CSS custom properties with their new tokens. Refer to table below for mappings.

```diff
+ @import '@financial-times/o3-foundation';

.my-class {
-   margin: var(--o-spacing-s1);

> +   margin: var(--o3-spacing-5xs);

Reviewer 2: Reckon it might be worth explaining why it's being replaced from `s1` to `5xs`. I mean I'm not even sure what `5xs` is?

}
```

#### Sass Mixins

Replace mixin uses with CSS Custom Properties. Refer to table below for mappings.

**oSpacingByName**

```diff
+ @import '@financial-times/o3-foundation/[your-brand].css'

.my-class {
-    padding: oSpacingByName('s1');

> +    padding: var(--o3-spacing-5xs); 

Reviewer 2: Same as comment above

}
```

**oSpacingByIncrement**

```diff
+ @import '@financial-times/o3-foundation/[your-brand].css'

.my-class {
-    padding: oSpacingByIncrement('1');

> +    padding: var(--o3-spacing-5xs); 

Reviewer 2: Ditto

| `s3`                                                                | `3`                 | `--o3-spacing-3xs`                                 | `12px` |
| `s4`                                                                | `4`                 | `--o3-spacing-2xs`                                 | `16px` |
| `s6`                                                                | `6`                 | `--o3-spacing-s`                                   | `24px` |
| `s8`                                                                | `8`                 | `--o3-spacing-m`                                   | `32px` |
| `m12`                                                               | `12`                | `--o3-spacing-xl`                                  | `48px` |
| `m16`                                                               | `16`                | `--o3-spacing-2xl`                                 | `64px` |
| `l18`                                                               | `18`                | none (use `--o3-spacing-2xl` or `--o3-spacing-3xl` | 72px   |

> | `l24`                                                               | `24`                | `--o3-spacing-4xl`                                 | 96px   |

Reviewer 2: Oh now I see it… 🤦🏻‍♂️

Reviewer 2: Wait… where's the `5xs` ?

Reviewer 2: Now I see it! I definitely need caffeine

#### Variables

**$o-spacing-relative-units**

> There is no direct replacement in o3-foundartion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no direct replacement in o3-foundation, remove this variable and review your page visually to ensure there are no unexpected results.
```
